	1. Who are you as a company?
		Some one who needs someone else to do the development. Expertise in building sites for other people, etc.

	2. What is the purpose of the website?
		People who are passionate about motor classic and modified vehicles with history and restoration processes, insights into modification products, credibility of mods / restorations.

	3. What do you want the website to contain?
		Third party analysis, risk assessment, professionals opinions.
		Link to companies from brands mentioned.
		All within internal site.
		Search engine optimization -- keywords and content.

	4. What type of people is the site directed to?
		People who like restoring and modifying cars / buying them.
		Large range of age ranges.

	5. What do you want to achieve with this site?
		Creating a community.
		Creating profit, advertisements, referrals, money from customers.

	6. What design choices do you want for the website?
		Landing page: Tuned to the user, show what they like, user data-orientated, articles and links of certain things related to what the user likes and what they might / are interested in. Teasers to make people want to read more and go the other site with the information.

	7. How accessible should the site be?
		Most people who are using the site will be able to easily understand technology because the target market will be efficient in technology.

	8. How far back should the site support?
		Latest browsers, using HTML 5, Javascript support.

	9. What services should the site intergrate?
		Allow people to upload files, backend finances and billing systems, user registration, credit card payments -- integration payment gateways (possibly 'Stripe'); all this must be secure and confidential.
	
	10. What pages do you want the site to contain?
		Home page - links to all the other pages
		TOS - Legalities / use
		About us
		Contact
		
		Forums
		Type of car - Style / classifications
	
	11. Is there a specific time the site needs to be fully setup and working?
		2 months
		
	12. Should the site be international or national?
		National

	13. What are your hosting needs?
		Hosted on AWS Cloud (Sydney)

	14. Are there any restraints, mandates, or guidelines for the site?
		TOS - Provided by client
Selling rules, etc

	15. Why will people want to return to your website?
		Cars for sale / parts for sale
		Forum discussions
		Limited cars / parts
